Added scenarios for version 3 (#538)
ansible/ansible-builder: docs/scenario_guides/scenario_env.rst

.. _aap_usage:

> Using ENV and COPY in EE file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building EEs with environment variables  and `ansible.cfg`
```

Reviewer: I struggle here with a good heading. It seems this section is describing two independent things:
- Adding `ansible.cfg` to an EE to control ansible-core
- Using environment variables during the EE build process

If that's correct, what do you think about just making two sections out of this with something like the above for each heading?

> =============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====================================================
```

> Ansible Builder version 3 schema provides option to specify `ansible.cfg` and various Galaxy related configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible Builder version 3 schema provides the option to specify `ansible.cfg` and various Galaxy related configurations.
```

> You can read more about version 3 schema `here <https://ansible-builder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/definition/#version-3-format>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the `version 3 schema  <https://ansible-builder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/definition/#version-3-format>`_ for more details.
```

> In the example below, we will take a look at 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we will take a look at:
```

> * Copying `ansible.cfg` to execution environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copying `ansible.cfg` to the execution environment
```

* Specifying `ENV` variables

.. literalinclude:: galaxy_ee.yml
   :language: yaml

.. literalinclude:: galaxy_ansible.cfg
   :language: ini

> In this example, `additional_build_files` section allows you to add `ansible.cfg` to build context directory. Once this file is copied to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `additional_build_files` section allows you to add `ansible.cfg` to build the context directory. Once this file is copied to the 
```

build context directory, it can be used in the build process.

> In order to use, we need to copy the file from the build context directory using `COPY` directive specified in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use `ansible.cfg`, we need to copy the file from the build context directory using `COPY` directive specified in the 
```

> `prepend_galaxy` step of `additional_build_steps` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prepend_galaxy` step of  the `additional_build_steps` section.
```

> You can also specify environment variables which may be required for the build process using `ENV` variable definition in any step of `additional_build_steps` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify environment variables which may be required for the build process using the  `ENV` variable definition in any step of the `additional_build_steps` section.
```

In the above example, we are specifying `ANSIBLE_GALAXY_SERVER_AUTOMATION_HUB_URL`, `ANSIBLE_GALAXY_SERVER_AUTOMATION_HUB_AUTH_URL`,

> and `ANSIBLE_GALAXY_SERVER_AUTOMATION_HUB_TOKEN` environment variables which required for the build process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `ANSIBLE_GALAXY_SERVER_AUTOMATION_HUB_TOKEN` environment variables which are required for the build process.
```
